docs: add security.md (#5585)
monicahq/monica: SECURITY.md

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> If you discover any security related issues, please email YOUREMAILHERE instead of using the issue tracker.

Reviewer: Use `security@monicahq.com`
```suggestion
If you discover any security related issues, please email security@monicahq.com instead of using the issue tracker.
```
